JDBC resources, such as a Connection, are expensive to create. Not closing them creates a resource leak that will eventually slow
your program.

The resources need to be closed in a specific order. The ResultSet is closed first, followed
by the PreparedStatement (or CallableStatement) and then the Connection

In particular, the following are true:
■ Closing a Connection also closes PreparedStatement (or CallableStatement)
and ResultSet.
■ Closing a PreparedStatement (or CallableStatement) also closes the ResultSet.
It is important to close resources in the right order. This avoids both resource leaks and
exceptions.

-There’s another way to close a ResultSet. JDBC automatically closes a ResultSet when you
run another SQL statement from the same Statement. This could be a PreparedStatement or a
CallableStatement.

Summary:
1- There are four key SQL statements you should know for the exam, one for each of the
CRUD operations: create (INSERT) a new row, read (SELECT) data, update (UPDATE) one or
more rows, and delete (DELETE) one or more rows.

2- five JDBC interfaces: Driver, Connection, PreparedStatement, CallableStatement, and ResultSet. 
The interfaces are part of the Java API. A database-specific JAR file provides the implementations

3-To connect to a database, you need the JDBC URL. A JDBC URL has three parts separated by colons. 
    The first part is jdbc. 
    The second part is the name of the vendor/product.
    The third part varies by database, but it includes the location and/or name of the database.
The location is either localhost or an IP address followed by an optional port

4-The DriverManager class provides a factory method called getConnection() to
get a Connection implementation. You create a PreparedStatement or
CallableStatement using prepareStatement() and prepareCall(), respectively. 

5-A PreparedStatement is used when the SQL is specified in your application, and a
CallableStatement is used when the SQL is in the database. A PreparedStatement
allows you to set the values of bind variables. A CallableStatement also allows you to set
IN, OUT, and INOUT parameters.

6-When running a SELECT SQL statement, the executeQuery() method returns a ResultSet.
7-When running a DELETE, INSERT, or UPDATE SQL statement, the executeUpdate() method
returns the number of rows that were affected. There is also an execute() method that returns
a boolean to indicate whether the statement was a query.

8- You call rs.next() from an if statement or while loop to advance the cursor position.

9-JDBC lets you choose whether to automatically commit your statements or manage transactions yourself

10- It is important to close JDBC resources when finished with them to avoid leaking
resources. Closing a Connection automatically closes the Statement and ResultSet objects.
Closing a Statement automatically closes the ResultSet object. Also, running another SQL
statement closes the previous ResultSet object from that Statement.