**Printing Data to the User**
Java includes two PrintStream instances for providing information to the user:
-System.out
- System.err :used to report errors to the user in a separate I/O stream from
  the regular output information

try (var in = new FileInputStream("zoo.txt")) {
System.out.println("Found file!");
} catch (FileNotFoundException e) {
System.err.println("File not found!");
}

**Reading Input as an I/O Stream**
The System.in returns an InputStream and is used to retrieve text input from the user.
It is commonly wrapped with a BufferedReader via an InputStreamReader to use the
readLine() method

**Closing System Streams**
Closing the System streams makes them permanently unavailable for all threads in the remainder of the program.
closing them is not recommended.

**Acquiring Input with Console**
The Console class is a singleton because it is accessible only from a factory method and
only one instance of it is created by the JVM. 

**Obtaining Underlying I/O Streams**
The Console class includes access to two streams for reading and writing data.
public Reader reader()
public PrintWriter writer()

**Formatting Console Data**
// PrintStream
public PrintStream format(String format, Object... args)
public PrintStream format(Locale loc, String format, Object... args)
// PrintWriter
public PrintWriter format(String format, Object... args)
public PrintWriter format(Locale loc, String format, Object... args)

**Reading Console Data**
The Console class includes four methods for retrieving regular text data from the user.
public String readLine()// method reads input until the user presses the Enter key.
public String readLine(String fmt, Object... args)//The overloaded version of readLine() displays a formatted
message prompt prior to requesting input.
public char[] readPassword() 
public char[] readPassword(String fmt, Object... args)
The readPassword() methods are similar to the readLine() method, with two important
differences:
■ The text the user types is not echoed back and displayed on the screen as they
are typing.
■ The data is returned as a char[] instead of a String.


